23 August 2003
Fixed bug where some Imports where not writing their include files.  
Now whenever the declarations change, the cache files are rebuilt
automatically.

19 August 2003
Fixed a bug related to the generation of the bases<> template.

17 August 2003
Added support for insertion of user code in the generated code.

16 August 2003
Applied a patch by Gottfried Ganssauge that adds exception specifiers to 
wrapper functions and pointer declarations. Thanks a lot Gottfried!!

Applied a patch by Prabhu Ramachandran that fixes ae problem with the 
pure virtual method generation. Thanks again Prabhu!

10 August 2003
Support for incremental generation of the code has been added. This changes
how --multiple works; documentation of this new feature will follow. Thanks
to Prabhu Ramachandran, that saw the need for this feature and discussed a
solution. 

Automatically convert \ to / in Windows systems before passing the paths to
gccxml.

Fixed a bug reported by Prabhu Ramachandran, where in some classes the virtual
methods were being definied incorrectly. Thanks a lot Prabhu!

7 July 2003
Applied 2 patches by Prabhu Ramachandran: a fix in the new --multiple method,
and two new functions "hold_with_shared_ptr" and its counterpart for auto_ptr.
Thanks a lot Prabhu!

Fixed a bug where the macro BOOST_PYTHON_OPAQUE_SPECIALIZED_TYPE_ID was being
called multiple times for the same type.
Thanks to Gottfried Ganﬂauge for reporting this!

Fixed bug where using AllFromHeader didn't use bases<> when exporting 
hierarchies.

Fixed the staticmethod bug.

5 July 2003
Changed how --multiple works: now it generates one cpp file for each pyste
file, makeing easier to integrate Pyste with build systems.

4 July 2003
Applied patch that solved a bug in ClassExporter and added a distutils install
script (install/setup.py), both contributed by Prabhu Ramachandran.
Thanks Prabhu!

2 July 2003
Jim Wilson found a bug where types like "char**" were being interpreted as 
"char*". Thanks Jim!

16 June 2003
Thanks to discussions with David Abrahams and Roman Sulzhyk, some behaviours
have changed:

- If you export a derived class without exporting its base classes, the derived
  class will explicitly export the bases's methods and attributes. Before, if
  you were interested in the bases's methods, you had to export the base
  classes too.

- Added a new function, no_override. When a member function is specified as
  "no_override", no virtual wrappers are generated for it, improving
  performance and letting the code more clean.

- There was a bug in which the policy of virtual member functions was being
  ignored (patch by Roman Sulzhyk). 
  
Thanks again to Roman Sulzhyk for the patches and discussion in the c++-sig.

4 June 2003
Major improvements in memory usage.

3 June 2003
Appliced a patch from Giulio Eulisse that allows unnamed enumerations to be
exported with an AllFromHeader construct. Thanks a lot Giulio!

2 June 2003
Added a new construct, add_method. See documentation.

23 May 2003
Support for global variables added.
Various bug fixes.

08 May 2003
Fixed bug where in a certain cases the GCCXMLParser would end up with multiple
declarations of the same class

22 Apr 2003
- Now shows a warning when the user tries to export a forward-declared class.
  Forward-declared classes are ignored by the AllFromHeader construct.
- Fixed a bug where classes, functions and enums where being exported, even if
  excluded from a AllFromHeader construct.

16 Apr 2003
Added a more generic (but ugly) code to declare the smart pointer converters.

07 Apr 2003
- Removed the warnings about forward declarations: it was not accurate enough.
  Another strategy must be thought of.
- Fixed bug in the --multiple mode, where the order of the class instantiations
  could end up wrong.
- Lots of fixes in the documentation, pointed out by Dirk Gerrits. Thanks Dirk!
- Fixed support for the return_opaque_pointer policy (the support macro was not
  being declared).


06 Apr 2003
Support for the improved static data members support of Boost.Python.

05 Apr 2003
New option for generating the bindings: --multiple.

02 Apr 2003
Forward declarations are now detected and a warning is generated.

24 Mar 2003
Default policy for functions/methods that return const T& is now
return_value_policy<copy_const_reference>().

22 Mar 2003
Exporting virtual methods of the base classes in the derived classes too.

21 Mar 2003
Added manual support for boost::shared_ptr and std::auto_ptr (see doc).

19 Mar 2003 
Added support for int, double, float and long operators acting as expected in
python.

14 Mar 2003 
Fixed bug: Wrappers for protected and virtual methods were not being generated.
